dynamics-nav/Calculation-Formulas-and-the-CalcFormula-Property.md, before:

---
title: "Calculation Formulas and the CalcFormula Property"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 06/05/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: "dynamics-nav-2017"
ms.assetid: ae634c9a-855b-4c96-b591-9ded3fd9f25a
caps.latest.revision: 7
manager: edupont
---
# Calculation Formulas and the CalcFormula Property
A FlowField is always associated with a calculation formula that determines how the FlowField is calculated. The following syntax is valid for the CalcFormula property.  
  
```  
<CalculationFormula> ::=  
    [-]Exist(<TableNo> [WHERE (<TableFilters>)]) |  
    Count(<TableNo> [WHERE (<TableFilters>)]) |  
    [-]Sum(<TableNo>.<FieldNo> [WHERE(<TableFilters>)])|  
    [-]Average(<TableNo>.<FieldNo> [WHERE (<TableFilters>)]) |  
    Min(<TableNo>.<FieldNo> [WHERE (<TableFilters>)]) |  
    Max(<TableNo>.<FieldNo> [WHERE (<TableFilters>)]) |  
    Lookup(<TableNo>.<FieldNo> [WHERE (<TableFilters>)])  
<TableFilters> ::=  
    [<TableFilter> {,<TableFilter>}]  
<TableFilter> ::=  
    <DstFieldNo>=CONST(<FieldConst>) |  
    <DstFieldNo>=FILTER(<Filter>) |  
    <DstFieldNo>=FIELD(<SrcFieldNo>) |  
    <DstFieldNo>=FIELD(UPPERLIMIT(<SrcFieldNo>)) |  
    <DstFieldNo>=FIELD(FILTER(<SrcFieldNo>)) |  
    <DstFieldNo>=FIELD(UPPERLIMIT(FILTER(<SrcFieldNo>)))  
```  
  
 Parts of the formula are described in the following table.  
  
|Symbol|Description|  
|------------|-----------------|  
|\<TableNo>|Specifies the table holding the information to be used in the FlowField.|  
|\<FieldNo>|Specifies the column from which you want to compute values.|  
|\<TableFilters>|A list of filters to be used in the computation of the FlowField.|  
|\<TableFilter>|A table filter can be one of the following: a constant expression, a filter expression, a value from ordinary fields, or a FlowFilter field. A key for the other table must exist and include the fields used in the filters.|  
|\<DstFieldNo>|Specifies the destination field number.|  
|\<SrcFieldNo>|Specifies the source field number.|  
|\<Filter>|A filter expression such as 10&#124;20..30.|  
  
## See Also  
 [FlowFields](FlowFields.md)   
 [FlowFilter Overview](FlowFilter-Overview.md)   
 [How to: Create, View, and Edit a Calculation Formula](How-to--Create--View--and-Edit-a-Calculation-Formula.md)

Commit message:

added links to smartsql troubleshooting

dynamics-nav/Calculation-Formulas-and-the-CalcFormula-Property.md, after:

---
title: "Calculation Formulas and the CalcFormula Property"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 06/05/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: "dynamics-nav-2017"
ms.assetid: ae634c9a-855b-4c96-b591-9ded3fd9f25a
caps.latest.revision: 7
manager: edupont
---
# Calculation Formulas and the CalcFormula Property
A FlowField is always associated with a calculation formula that determines how the FlowField is calculated. The following syntax is valid for the CalcFormula property.  

```  
<CalculationFormula> ::=  
    [-]Exist(<TableNo> [WHERE (<TableFilters>)]) |  
    Count(<TableNo> [WHERE (<TableFilters>)]) |  
    [-]Sum(<TableNo>.<FieldNo> [WHERE(<TableFilters>)])|  
    [-]Average(<TableNo>.<FieldNo> [WHERE (<TableFilters>)]) |  
    Min(<TableNo>.<FieldNo> [WHERE (<TableFilters>)]) |  
    Max(<TableNo>.<FieldNo> [WHERE (<TableFilters>)]) |  
    Lookup(<TableNo>.<FieldNo> [WHERE (<TableFilters>)])  
<TableFilters> ::=  
    [<TableFilter> {,<TableFilter>}]  
<TableFilter> ::=  
    <DstFieldNo>=CONST(<FieldConst>) |  
    <DstFieldNo>=FILTER(<Filter>) |  
    <DstFieldNo>=FIELD(<SrcFieldNo>) |  
    <DstFieldNo>=FIELD(UPPERLIMIT(<SrcFieldNo>)) |  
    <DstFieldNo>=FIELD(FILTER(<SrcFieldNo>)) |  
    <DstFieldNo>=FIELD(UPPERLIMIT(FILTER(<SrcFieldNo>)))  
```  

 Parts of the formula are described in the following table.  

|Symbol|Description|  
|------------|-----------------|  
|\<TableNo>|Specifies the table holding the information to be used in the FlowField.|  
|\<FieldNo>|Specifies the column from which you want to compute values.|  
|\<TableFilters>|A list of filters to be used in the computation of the FlowField.|  
|\<TableFilter>|A table filter can be one of the following: a constant expression, a filter expression, a value from ordinary fields, or a FlowFilter field. A key for the other table must exist and include the fields used in the filters.|  
|\<DstFieldNo>|Specifies the destination field number.|  
|\<SrcFieldNo>|Specifies the source field number.|  
|\<Filter>|A filter expression such as 10&#124;20..30.|  

## See Also  
 [FlowFields](FlowFields.md)   
 [FlowFilter Overview](FlowFilter-Overview.md)   
 [How to: Create, View, and Edit a Calculation Formula](How-to--Create--View--and-Edit-a-Calculation-Formula.md)  
 [Troubleshooting Long Running SQL Queries Involving FlowFields by Disabling SmartSQL](Troubleshooting-Queries-Involving-FlowFields-By-Disabling-SmartSQL.md)
