dynamics-nav/Configuring-the-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Server-and-Client.md, before:

---
title: "Configuring the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Server and Client"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 06/05/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: "dynamics-nav-2017"
ms.assetid: 1ee96402-932d-466b-b829-b9a7e20fe3a3
caps.latest.revision: 4
---
# Configuring the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Server and Client
When you run [!INCLUDE[navnowlong](includes/navnowlong_md.md)] Setup and install [!INCLUDE[nav_web_server](includes/nav_web_server_md.md)], you can provide configuration information that is then used as the configuration for the default [!INCLUDE[navnow](includes/navnow_md.md)] Web Server instance.After you install [!INCLUDE[nav_web_server](includes/nav_web_server_md.md)], you can change any of the settings that you provided during Setup, or any of the [!INCLUDE[nav_web_server](includes/nav_web_server_md.md)] settings, using either the [!INCLUDE[nav_admin](includes/nav_admin_md.md)] or the Windows PowerShell cmdlets for [!INCLUDE[navnowlong](includes/navnowlong_md.md)].  
  
## Configuring the [!INCLUDE[nav_web_server](includes/nav_web_server_md.md)] in Setup  
 When [!INCLUDE[navnowlong](includes/navnowlong_md.md)] Setup, you configure the [!INCLUDE[nav_server](includes/nav_server_md.md)] instance and that the [!INCLUDE[navnow](includes/navnow_md.md)] Web Server connects to. For more information, see [How to: Install the Web Server Components](How-to--Install-the-Web-Server-Components.md).  
  
## Configuring the [!INCLUDE[nav_web_server](includes/nav_web_server_md.md)] After Installation  
 After you install the [!INCLUDE[nav_web_server](includes/nav_web_server_md.md)], you can change any of the settings that you provided during Setup, or other settings. For more information, see the following topics.  
  
 [Configuring Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client by Modifying the Web.config File](Configuring-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Client-by-Modifying-the-Web.config-File.md)  
  
 [Configuring the Web Browser for the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client](Configuring-the-Web-Browser-for-the-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Client.md)  
  
 [How to: Configure Delegation for Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client](How-to--Configure-Delegation-for-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Client.md)  
  
 [How to: Configure Authentication of Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client Users](How-to--Configure-Authentication-of-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Client-Users.md)  
  
 [How to: Configure SSL to Secure the Connection to Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client](How-to--Configure-SSL-to-Secure-the-Connection-to-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Client.md)  
  
 [How to: Configure Microsoft Report Viewer for the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client](How-to--Configure-Microsoft-Report-Viewer-for-the-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Client.md)  
  
 [How to: Set Up Multiple Web Server Instances for the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client](How-to--Set-Up-Multiple-Web-Server-Instances-for-the-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Client.md)  
  
## See Also  
 [Deploying the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Server Components](Deploying-the-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Server-Components.md)   
 [How to: Install the Web Server Components](How-to--Install-the-Web-Server-Components.md)   
 [Troubleshooting the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client Installation](Troubleshooting-the-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Client-Installation.md)

Commit message:

SEO - title and meta description added

dynamics-nav/Configuring-the-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Server-and-Client.md, after:

---
title: Configure the Web Server and Client
description: This article explains how to configure the initial Setup and the Installed Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Server and Client.
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 10/16/2017
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: "dynamics-nav-2017"
ms.assetid: 1ee96402-932d-466b-b829-b9a7e20fe3a3
caps.latest.revision: 4
---
# Configuring the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Server and Client
When you run [!INCLUDE[navnowlong](includes/navnowlong_md.md)] Setup and install [!INCLUDE[nav_web_server](includes/nav_web_server_md.md)], you can provide configuration information that is then used as the configuration for the default [!INCLUDE[navnow](includes/navnow_md.md)] Web Server instance. After you install [!INCLUDE[nav_web_server](includes/nav_web_server_md.md)], you can change any of the settings that you provided during Setup, or any of the [!INCLUDE[nav_web_server](includes/nav_web_server_md.md)] settings, using either the [!INCLUDE[nav_admin](includes/nav_admin_md.md)] or the Windows PowerShell cmdlets for [!INCLUDE[navnowlong](includes/navnowlong_md.md)].  
  
## Configuring the [!INCLUDE[nav_web_server](includes/nav_web_server_md.md)] in Setup  
 When [!INCLUDE[navnowlong](includes/navnowlong_md.md)] Setup, you configure the [!INCLUDE[nav_server](includes/nav_server_md.md)] instance and that the [!INCLUDE[navnow](includes/navnow_md.md)] Web Server connects to. For more information, see [How to: Install the Web Server Components](How-to--Install-the-Web-Server-Components.md).  
  
## Configuring the [!INCLUDE[nav_web_server](includes/nav_web_server_md.md)] After Installation  
 After you install the [!INCLUDE[nav_web_server](includes/nav_web_server_md.md)], you can change any of the settings that you provided during Setup, or other settings. For more information, see the following topics.  
  
 [Configuring Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client by Modifying the Web.config File](Configuring-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Client-by-Modifying-the-Web.config-File.md)  
  
 [Configuring the Web Browser for the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client](Configuring-the-Web-Browser-for-the-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Client.md)  
  
 [How to: Configure Delegation for Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client](How-to--Configure-Delegation-for-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Client.md)  
  
 [How to: Configure Authentication of Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client Users](How-to--Configure-Authentication-of-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Client-Users.md)  
  
 [How to: Configure SSL to Secure the Connection to Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client](How-to--Configure-SSL-to-Secure-the-Connection-to-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Client.md)  
  
 [How to: Configure Microsoft Report Viewer for the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client](How-to--Configure-Microsoft-Report-Viewer-for-the-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Client.md)  
  
 [How to: Set Up Multiple Web Server Instances for the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client](How-to--Set-Up-Multiple-Web-Server-Instances-for-the-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Client.md)  
  
## See Also  
 [Deploying the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Server Components](Deploying-the-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Server-Components.md)   
 [How to: Install the Web Server Components](How-to--Install-the-Web-Server-Components.md)   
 [Troubleshooting the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client Installation](Troubleshooting-the-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Client-Installation.md)
