dynamics-nav/Configuring-the-Web-Browser-for-the-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Client.md, before:

---
title: "Configuring the Web Browser for the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 06/05/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: "dynamics-nav-2017"
ms.assetid: 017f2aa5-5d9a-4dde-819c-53ef702f2f62
caps.latest.revision: 6
manager: edupont
---
# Configuring the Web Browser for the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client
There are several different web browsers that you can use to open the [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)]. No matter which browser you use, it must be enabled with *cookies* and *JavaScript*. Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer and contain information about the [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)]. JavaScript is a programming language for making web pages interactive.  

 For information about how to enable cookies and JavaScript on your browser, see the following table.  

|Browser|See|  
|-------------|---------|  
|Internet Explorer|[How to: Configure Internet Explorer for Microsoft Dynamics NAV Clients](How-to--Configure-Internet-Explorer-for-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Clients.md)|  
|Mozilla Firefox|[How to: Configure Mozilla Firefox for Microsoft Dynamics NAV Clients](How-to--Configure-Mozilla-Firefox-for-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Clients.md)|  
|Google Chrome|[Managing cookies](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=262171)<br /><br /> [Adjust JavaScript](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=262172)|  
|Safari|[Manage cookies](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=262173)<br /><br /> [Enabling JavaScript](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=262174)|  

 For a complete list of supported web browsers and versions, see [System Requirements for Microsoft Dynamics NAV](System-Requirements-for-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV.md).

Commit message:

SEO - title and meta description added

dynamics-nav/Configuring-the-Web-Browser-for-the-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Client.md, after:

---
title: Web Client Configuration
description: This article explains how to configure different web browsers to support the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client.
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 10/16/2017
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: "dynamics-nav-2017"
ms.assetid: 017f2aa5-5d9a-4dde-819c-53ef702f2f62
caps.latest.revision: 6
manager: edupont
---
# Configuring the Web Browser for the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client
There are several different web browsers that you can use to open the [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)]. No matter which browser you use, it must be enabled with *cookies* and *JavaScript*. Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer and contain information about the [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)]. JavaScript is a programming language for making web pages interactive.  

 For information about how to enable cookies and JavaScript on your browser, see the following table.  

|Browser|See|  
|-------------|---------|  
|Internet Explorer|[How to: Configure Internet Explorer for Microsoft Dynamics NAV Clients](How-to--Configure-Internet-Explorer-for-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Clients.md)|  
|Mozilla Firefox|[How to: Configure Mozilla Firefox for Microsoft Dynamics NAV Clients](How-to--Configure-Mozilla-Firefox-for-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Clients.md)|  
|Google Chrome|[Managing cookies](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=262171)<br /><br /> [Adjust JavaScript](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=262172)|  
|Safari|[Manage cookies](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=262173)<br /><br /> [Enabling JavaScript](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=262174)|  

 For a complete list of supported web browsers and versions, see [System Requirements for Microsoft Dynamics NAV](System-Requirements-for-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV.md).
