dynamics-nav/Configuring-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV.md, before:

---
title: "Configuring Microsoft Dynamics NAV"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 06/05/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: "dynamics-nav-2017"
ms.assetid: 2d14319c-56df-436d-af71-33bb914950c1
caps.latest.revision: 29
manager: edupont
---
# Configuring Microsoft Dynamics NAV
This section identifies components that you can preconfigure in [!INCLUDE[navnowlong](includes/navnowlong_md.md)] Setup. It also provides information about settings for individual components, and, for some components, identifies another document where you can find such information.  
  
## Components That You Can Configure In Setup  
 You can configure some Microsoft components in [!INCLUDE[navnow](includes/navnow_md.md)] Setup. You can then either proceed to install software with Setup, or save all configuration information to a Setup configuration file for future use. For more information, see [How to: Preconfigure Components](How-to--Preconfigure-Components.md).  
  
 When you install a component that you have pre-configured in Setup, the configuration information is transferred to the appropriate component configuration file. For example, if you pre-configure [!INCLUDE[nav_server](includes/nav_server_md.md)] in Setup, the relevant configuration information is transferred, upon installation, to the CustomSettings.config file. This file is stored on the [!INCLUDE[nav_server](includes/nav_server_md.md)] computer in the equivalent of [!INCLUDE[navnow_install](includes/navnow_install_md.md)]\\Service.  
  
 The following topics provide additional information on the configuration options for specific components in [!INCLUDE[navnowlong](includes/navnowlong_md.md)] Setup:  
  
-   [Configuring the Windows Client](Configuring-the-Windows-Client.md)  
  
-   [Configuring Microsoft Dynamics NAV Server](Configuring-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Server.md)  
  
-   [Configuring Database Components](Configuring-Database-Components.md)  
  
-   [Configuring Microsoft SQL Server](Configuring-Microsoft-SQL-Server.md)  
  
-   [Configuring the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Server and Client](Configuring-the-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Server-and-Client.md)  
  
-   [Configuring Microsoft Dynamics NAV Help Server](Configuring-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Help-Server.md)  
  
-   [Configuring NAS Services](Configuring-NAS-Services.md)  
  
## See Also  
 [Configuring Automated Data Capture System](Configuring-Automated-Data-Capture-System.md)   
 [Configuring Microsoft SQL Server](Configuring-Microsoft-SQL-Server.md)   
 [Walkthrough: Setting Up Outlook Synchronization](Walkthrough--Setting-Up-Outlook-Synchronization.md)   
 [How to: Create Microsoft Dynamics NAV Users](How-to--Create-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Users.md)   
 [Removing Elements from the User Interface According to Permissions](Removing-Elements-from-the-User-Interface-According-to-Permissions.md)   
 [Profiles and Role Centers](Profiles-and-Role-Centers.md)   
 <!--[Walkthrough: Setting Up and Using a Purchase Approval Workflow](Walkthrough--Setting-Up-and-Using-a-Purchase-Approval-Workflow.md)-->

Commit message:

SEO - title and meta description added

dynamics-nav/Configuring-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV.md, after:

---
title: Configure Components on Dynamics NAV
description: This article explains different Setup configuration options for installing individual components on Microsoft Dynamics NAV.
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 10/16/2017
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: "dynamics-nav-2017"
ms.assetid: 2d14319c-56df-436d-af71-33bb914950c1
caps.latest.revision: 29
manager: edupont
---
# Configuring Microsoft Dynamics NAV
This section identifies components that you can preconfigure in [!INCLUDE[navnowlong](includes/navnowlong_md.md)] Setup. It also provides information about settings for individual components, and, for some components, identifies another document where you can find such information.  
  
## Components That You Can Configure In Setup  
 You can configure some Microsoft components in [!INCLUDE[navnow](includes/navnow_md.md)] Setup. You can then either proceed to install software with Setup, or save all configuration information to a Setup configuration file for future use. For more information, see [How to: Preconfigure Components](How-to--Preconfigure-Components.md).  
  
 When you install a component that you have pre-configured in Setup, the configuration information is transferred to the appropriate component configuration file. For example, if you pre-configure [!INCLUDE[nav_server](includes/nav_server_md.md)] in Setup, the relevant configuration information is transferred, upon installation, to the CustomSettings.config file. This file is stored on the [!INCLUDE[nav_server](includes/nav_server_md.md)] computer in the equivalent of [!INCLUDE[navnow_install](includes/navnow_install_md.md)]\\Service.  
  
 The following topics provide additional information on the configuration options for specific components in [!INCLUDE[navnowlong](includes/navnowlong_md.md)] Setup:  
  
-   [Configuring the Windows Client](Configuring-the-Windows-Client.md)  
  
-   [Configuring Microsoft Dynamics NAV Server](Configuring-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Server.md)  
  
-   [Configuring Database Components](Configuring-Database-Components.md)  
  
-   [Configuring Microsoft SQL Server](Configuring-Microsoft-SQL-Server.md)  
  
-   [Configuring the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Server and Client](Configuring-the-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Server-and-Client.md)  
  
-   [Configuring Microsoft Dynamics NAV Help Server](Configuring-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Help-Server.md)  
  
-   [Configuring NAS Services](Configuring-NAS-Services.md)  
  
## See Also  
 [Configuring Automated Data Capture System](Configuring-Automated-Data-Capture-System.md)   
 [Configuring Microsoft SQL Server](Configuring-Microsoft-SQL-Server.md)   
 [Walkthrough: Setting Up Outlook Synchronization](Walkthrough--Setting-Up-Outlook-Synchronization.md)   
 [How to: Create Microsoft Dynamics NAV Users](How-to--Create-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Users.md)   
 [Removing Elements from the User Interface According to Permissions](Removing-Elements-from-the-User-Interface-According-to-Permissions.md)   
 [Profiles and Role Centers](Profiles-and-Role-Centers.md)   
 <!--[Walkthrough: Setting Up and Using a Purchase Approval Workflow](Walkthrough--Setting-Up-and-Using-a-Purchase-Approval-Workflow.md)-->
