dynamics-nav/Configuring-and-Personalizing-the-Microsoft-Dynamics-Web-Client.md, before:

---
title: "Configuring and Personalizing the Microsoft Dynamics Web Client"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 06/05/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: "dynamics-nav-2017"
ms.assetid: f32dc985-bb5e-4338-a66a-b32a0e75914c
caps.latest.revision: 11
---
# Configuring and Personalizing the Microsoft Dynamics Web Client
A [!INCLUDE[navnow](includes/navnow_md.md)] page can consist of several different elements, such as FactBoxes, FastTabs, a Filter pane, actions, and more. Like the [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)], you can customize pages that display in the [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)] so that some elements are not shown. This lets you hide nonessential information and limit the space that a page occupies on the website. The difference with the [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)] is that you cannot perform customization tasks directly from the [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)]. Instead, you perform the customization tasks in the [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)], which means that any customization that is performed applies to both the [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)] and [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)].  

> [!NOTE]  
>  Personalization by users is not supported by the [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)]. If a user has customized the [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)], then the custom settings are ignored for the user in the [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)].  

## Configuring the Microsoft Dynamics Web Client  
 Configuration is typically performed by an administrator, SUPER user, or Microsoft Certified Partner. This person configures the pages based on a profile, which means that the customizations will be seen in the [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)] by all users who are assigned to the profile. For example, on the Sales Order List page for users who belong to the ORDER PROCESSOR profile, you can hide the FactBox area or decrease the number of columns that are shown in the list.  

 To configure the [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)], you open the [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)] in the configuration mode for a profile, and then use the customize feature to show or hide the elements. 
 
 For more information, see [How to: Open Microsoft Dynamics NAV in Configuration Mode](how-to-open-microsoft-dynamics-nav-in-configuration-mode.md).  

## Resetting Configuration Settings  
 As an administrator or SUPER user, you can reset configuration settings. <!-- For more information, see [How to: Cancel UI Configuration](How-to--Cancel-UI-Configuration.md). --> 

> [!NOTE]  
>  Performing this task affects the users in [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)] and [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)].  

## See Also  
 [Profiles and Role Centers](Profiles-and-Role-Centers.md)

Commit message:

SEO - title and meta description added

dynamics-nav/Configuring-and-Personalizing-the-Microsoft-Dynamics-Web-Client.md, after:

---
title: Configure and Personalize the Web Client
description: Configure the page to display or hide the fields to role specific settings by using the personalization feature on the Dynamics NAV Web Client.
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 10/16/2017
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: "dynamics-nav-2017"
ms.assetid: f32dc985-bb5e-4338-a66a-b32a0e75914c
caps.latest.revision: 11
---
# Configuring and Personalizing the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client
A [!INCLUDE[navnow](includes/navnow_md.md)] page can consist of several different elements, such as FactBoxes, FastTabs, a Filter pane, actions, and more. Like the [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)], you can customize pages that display in the [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)] so that some elements are not shown. This lets you hide nonessential information and limit the space that a page occupies on the website. The difference with the [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)] is that you cannot perform customization tasks directly from the [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)]. Instead, you perform the customization tasks in the [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)], which means that any customization that is performed applies to both the [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)] and [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)].  

> [!NOTE]  
>  Personalization by users is not supported by the [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)]. If a user has customized the [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)], then the custom settings are ignored for the user in the [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)].  

## Configuring the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client  
 Configuration is typically performed by an administrator, SUPER user, or Microsoft Certified Partner. This person configures the pages based on a profile, which means that the customizations will be seen in the [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)] by all users who are assigned to the profile. For example, on the Sales Order List page for users who belong to the ORDER PROCESSOR profile, you can hide the FactBox area or decrease the number of columns that are shown in the list.  

 To configure the [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)], you open the [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)] in the configuration mode for a profile, and then use the customize feature to show or hide the elements. 
 
 For more information, see [How to: Open Microsoft Dynamics NAV in Configuration Mode](how-to-open-microsoft-dynamics-nav-in-configuration-mode.md).  

## Resetting Configuration Settings  
 As an administrator or SUPER user, you can reset configuration settings. <!-- For more information, see [How to: Cancel UI Configuration](How-to-Cancel-UI-Configuration.md). --> 

> [!NOTE]  
>  Performing this task affects the users in [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)] and [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)].  

## See Also  
 [Profiles and Role Centers](Profiles-and-Role-Centers.md)
