dynamics-nav/Development.md, before:

---
title: "Development"
author: jswymer
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 10/21/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: "dynamics-nav-2017"
ms.assetid: 98866f17-c121-45a2-8fd0-62e213a43606
manager: edupont
---
# Development
Before you begin developing code for [!INCLUDE[navnowlong](includes/navnowlong_md.md)], you should consider the following:  

-   How to start learning about C/AL.  

-   How to build on your C/AL knowledge.  

-   How to build an application by using your knowledge of C/AL.  

-   What the differences are between developing applications that run on different clients.  

-   What the differences are between developing in [!INCLUDE[navnowlong](includes/navnowlong_md.md)] and earlier versions of [!INCLUDE[navnow](includes/navnow_md.md)].  

-   How to upload and download files between the server and the client.  

## Developing in [!INCLUDE[navnowlong](includes/navnowlong_md.md)]  

|To|See|  
|--------|---------|  
|Learn what you can do with C/AL and where to add C/AL code.|[Programming in C/AL](Programming-in-C-AL.md)|  
|Learn what the C/AL data types are.|[C/AL Data Types](C-AL-Data-Types.md)|  
|Learn how to write C/AL statements and expressions.|-   [Statements and Expressions](Statements-and-Expressions.md)<br />-   [Elements of C/AL Expressions](Elements-of-C-AL-Expressions.md)<br />-   [C/AL Simple Statements](C-AL-Simple-Statements.md)<br />-   [C/AL Control Statements](C-AL-Control-Statements.md)|  
|Learn about how to debug C/AL.|[Debugging](Debugging.md)|  
|Learn about how to use custom controls with C/AL.|[Extending Microsoft Dynamics NAV Using Control Add-ins](Extending-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Using-Control-Add-ins.md)|  
|Learn about the [!INCLUDE[nav_dev_long](includes/nav_dev_long_md.md)] and designing applications.|[Application Design Overview](Application-Design-Overview.md)|  
|Learn about how to use multilanguage functionality.|[Multilanguage Development](Multilanguage-Development.md)|  
|Learn the differences in how numeric values are sorted.|[Sorting Numeric Values](Sorting-Numeric-Values.md)|  
|Learn how to use display language-specific strings without modifying code.|[CaptionClass Functionality](CaptionClass-Functionality.md)|  
|Learn about how to develop [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)] applications.|[Developing for the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client](Developing-for-the-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Client.md)|  
|Learn about how to develop the [!INCLUDE[nav_uni_app](includes/nav_uni_app_md.md)].|[Developing for the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Universal App](Developing-for-the-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Universal-App.md)|  
|Learn about differences between developing in [!INCLUDE[navnowlong](includes/navnowlong_md.md)] and earlier versions of [!INCLUDE[navnow](includes/navnow_md.md)].|[Changes in C/AL Behavior and Support from Earlier Versions of Microsoft Dynamics NAV](Changes-in-C-AL-Behavior-and-Support-from-Earlier-Versions-of-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV.md)|  
|Learn about how to transfer files between the client and the server.|[File Handling](File-Handling.md)|  
|Learn about how to test an application.|[Testing the Application](Testing-the-Application.md)|

## See Also
[Deployment](Deployment.md)  
[Product and Architecture Overview](product-and-architecture-overview.md)

Commit message:

updated to include notifications and events

dynamics-nav/Development.md, after:

---
title: "Development"
author: jswymer
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 10/21/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: "dynamics-nav-2017"
ms.assetid: 98866f17-c121-45a2-8fd0-62e213a43606
manager: edupont
---
# Development
Before you begin developing code for [!INCLUDE[navnowlong](includes/navnowlong_md.md)], you should consider the following:  

-   How to start learning about C/AL.  

-   How to build on your C/AL knowledge.  

-   How to build an application by using your knowledge of C/AL.  

-   What the differences are between developing applications that run on different clients.  

-   What the differences are between developing in [!INCLUDE[navnowlong](includes/navnowlong_md.md)] and earlier versions of [!INCLUDE[navnow](includes/navnow_md.md)].  

-   How to upload and download files between the server and the client.  

## Developing in [!INCLUDE[navnowlong](includes/navnowlong_md.md)]  

|To|See|  
|--------|---------|  
|Learn what you can do with C/AL and where to add C/AL code.|[Programming in C/AL](Programming-in-C-AL.md)|  
|Learn what the C/AL data types are.|[C/AL Data Types](C-AL-Data-Types.md)|  
|Learn how to write C/AL statements and expressions.|-   [Statements and Expressions](Statements-and-Expressions.md)<br />-   [Elements of C/AL Expressions](Elements-of-C-AL-Expressions.md)<br />-   [C/AL Simple Statements](C-AL-Simple-Statements.md)<br />-   [C/AL Control Statements](C-AL-Control-Statements.md)|  
|Learn about how to debug C/AL.|[Debugging](Debugging.md)|  
|Learn about how to use custom controls with C/AL.|[Extending Microsoft Dynamics NAV Using Control Add-ins](Extending-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Using-Control-Add-ins.md)|  
|Learn about the [!INCLUDE[nav_dev_long](includes/nav_dev_long_md.md)] and designing applications.|[Application Design Overview](Application-Design-Overview.md)|  
|Learn about how to use multilanguage functionality.|[Multilanguage Development](Multilanguage-Development.md)|  
|Learn the differences in how numeric values are sorted.|[Sorting Numeric Values](Sorting-Numeric-Values.md)|  
|Learn how to use display language-specific strings without modifying code.|[CaptionClass Functionality](CaptionClass-Functionality.md)|  
|Learn about how to develop [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)] applications.|[Developing for the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client](Developing-for-the-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Client.md)|  
|Learn about how to develop the [!INCLUDE[nav_uni_app](includes/nav_uni_app_md.md)].|[Developing for the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Universal App](Developing-for-the-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Universal-App.md)|  
|Learn about how to use events to design the application to react to specific actions or behavior that occur and to separate customized functionality from the application business logic.|[Events in Dynamics NAV](Events-in-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV.md)|
|Learn about how to display non-intrusive, context-specific messages to client users.|[Notifications](notifications-developing.md)|
|Learn about how to transfer files between the client and the server.|[File Handling](File-Handling.md)|  
|Learn about how to test an application.|[Testing the Application](Testing-the-Application.md)|
|Learn about differences between developing in [!INCLUDE[navnowlong](includes/navnowlong_md.md)] and earlier versions of [!INCLUDE[navnow](includes/navnow_md.md)].|[Changes in C/AL Behavior and Support from Earlier Versions of Microsoft Dynamics NAV](Changes-in-C-AL-Behavior-and-Support-from-Earlier-Versions-of-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV.md)|  

## See Also
[Deployment](Deployment.md)  
[Product and Architecture Overview](product-and-architecture-overview.md)
