dynamics-nav/Functions-Not-Supported-by-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Client.md, before:

---
title: "Functions Not Supported by Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 06/05/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: "dynamics-nav-2017"
ms.assetid: 9261b412-a16b-4732-8e1e-c627e0d5b54a
caps.latest.revision: 10
manager: edupont
---
# Functions Not Supported by Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client
This topic lists the C/AL functions and data types that are not supported or partially supported by [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)]. For more information about partially supported functions, see the function topic in the reference section.  
  
## Unsupported Functions  
 This section lists the functions that are not supported by the [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)]. If you use a function that is not supported, an error occurs at runtime.  
  
-   [CREATE Function \(Automation\)](CREATE-Function--Automation-.md)  
  
-   [ISCLEAR Function \(Automation\)](ISCLEAR-Function--Automation-.md)  
  
-   [ACTIVATE Function \(Debugger\)](ACTIVATE-Function--Debugger-.md)  
  
-   [UPDATE Function \(Dialog\)](UPDATE-Function--Dialog-.md)  
  
## Partially Supported Functions  
 This topic lists the functions that either do not have all the capabilities in the [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)] as they do in the [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)] or they behave differently than in the [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)].  
  
-   [DOWNLOAD Function \(File\)](DOWNLOAD-Function--File-.md)  
  
-   [DOWNLOADFROMSTREAM Function \(File\)](DOWNLOADFROMSTREAM-Function--File-.md)  
  
-   [HYPERLINK Function](HYPERLINK-Function.md)  
  
-   [PREVIEW Function \(Report\)](PREVIEW-Function--Report-.md)  
  
-   [PRINTONLYIFDETAIL Function \(Report\)](PRINTONLYIFDETAIL-Function--Report-.md)  
  
-   [REPORT.RUN Function](REPORT-RUN-Function.md)  
  
-   [REPORT.RUNMODAL Function](REPORT-RUNMODAL-Function.md)  
  
-   [UPLOAD Function \(File\)](UPLOAD-Function--File-.md)  
  
-   [UPLOADINTOSTREAM Function \(File\)](UPLOADINTOSTREAM-Function--File-.md)

Commit message:

SEO - title and meta description added

dynamics-nav/Functions-Not-Supported-by-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Web-Client.md, after:

---
title: Functions Not Supported by the Web Client
description: The article describes the list of functions not supported or supported with the limited capabilities by Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web client.
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 10/16/2017
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: "dynamics-nav-2017"
ms.assetid: 9261b412-a16b-4732-8e1e-c627e0d5b54a
caps.latest.revision: 10
manager: edupont
---
# Functions Not Supported by Microsoft Dynamics NAV Web Client
This topic lists the C/AL functions and data types that are not supported or partially supported by [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)]. For more information about partially supported functions, see the function topic in the reference section.  
  
## Unsupported Functions  
 This section lists the functions that are not supported by the [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)]. If you use a function that is not supported, an error occurs at runtime.  
  
-   [CREATE Function \(Automation\)](CREATE-Function--Automation-.md)  
  
-   [ISCLEAR Function \(Automation\)](ISCLEAR-Function--Automation-.md)  
  
-   [ACTIVATE Function \(Debugger\)](ACTIVATE-Function--Debugger-.md)  
  
-   [UPDATE Function \(Dialog\)](UPDATE-Function--Dialog-.md)  
  
## Partially Supported Functions  
 This topic lists the functions that either do not have all the capabilities in the [!INCLUDE[nav_web](includes/nav_web_md.md)] as they do in the [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)] or they behave differently than in the [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)].  
  
-   [DOWNLOAD Function \(File\)](DOWNLOAD-Function--File-.md)  
  
-   [DOWNLOADFROMSTREAM Function \(File\)](DOWNLOADFROMSTREAM-Function--File-.md)  
  
-   [HYPERLINK Function](HYPERLINK-Function.md)  
  
-   [PREVIEW Function \(Report\)](PREVIEW-Function--Report-.md)  
  
-   [PRINTONLYIFDETAIL Function \(Report\)](PRINTONLYIFDETAIL-Function--Report-.md)  
  
-   [REPORT.RUN Function](REPORT-RUN-Function.md)  
  
-   [REPORT.RUNMODAL Function](REPORT-RUNMODAL-Function.md)  
  
-   [UPLOAD Function \(File\)](UPLOAD-Function--File-.md)  
  
-   [UPLOADINTOSTREAM Function \(File\)](UPLOADINTOSTREAM-Function--File-.md)
