---
title: "Handling Errors by Using Try Functions"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 06/05/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: "dynamics-nav-2017"
ms.assetid: 5bb994f4-a0ac-4723-b35d-8211c356af29
caps.latest.revision: 11
manager: edupont
---
# Handling Errors by Using Try Functions
Try functions in C/AL enable you to handle errors that occur in the application during code execution. For example, with try functions, you can provide more user-friendly error messages to the end user than those thrown by the system.  
  
## Usage and Restrictions  
 The main purpose of try functions is to catch errors/exceptions that are thrown by [!INCLUDE[navnow](includes/navnow_md.md)] or exceptions that are thrown during .NET Framework interoperability operations. What you cannot do in try functions are transactions that write to the database. All database write calls in the scope of try function are denied. In practice, this means that following function calls are not allowed inside a try function scope:  
  
|Data Type|Function|  
|---------------|--------------|  
|Record and RecordRef|-   INSERT<br />-   MODIFY<br />-   MODIFYALL<br />-   RENAME<br />-   DELETE<br />-   DELETEALL<br />-   ADDLINK<br />-   DELETELINK<br />-   DELETELINKS|  
|Database|-   COMMIT|  
  
 Before you use try functions in an application, read more about their usage at [NAV Design Pattern: TryFunction – .NET Exception Handling in C/AL](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=708596).  
  
## Creating a Try Function  
 To create a try function, add a function in C/AL code of an object \(such as a codeunit\) as usual, and then set the [TryFunction Property](TryFunction-Property.md) property to **Yes**. A try function has the following restrictions:  
  
-   In test and upgrade codeunits, you can only use a try function on a normal function type, as defined by the [FunctionType Property \(Test Codeunits\)](FunctionType-Property--Test-Codeunits-.md) or [FunctionType Property \(Upgrade Codeunits\)](FunctionType-Property--Upgrade-Codeunits-.md).  
  
-   The try function cannot have a user-defined return value.  
  
## Understanding Try Function Behavior and Usage  
 A function that is designated as a try function has a Boolean return value \(true or false\). A try function has the construction `OK:= MyTryFunction`.  
  
-   If a try function call does not use the return value, the try function operates like an ordinary function and errors are exposed as usual.  
  
-   If a try function call uses the return value in an `OK:=` statement or a conditional statement such as `IF-THEN`, errors are caught.  
  
> [!NOTE]  
>  The return value is not accessible within the try function itself.  
  
 You can use the [GETLASTERRORTEXT Function](GETLASTERRORTEXT-Function.md) to obtain errors that are generated by [!INCLUDE[navnow](includes/navnow_md.md)]. To get details of exceptions that are generated by .NET Framework objects, you can use the [GETLASTERROROBJECT Function](GETLASTERROROBJECT-Function.md) to inspect the Expection.InnerException property.  
  
> [!TIP]  
>  The [!INCLUDE[demolong](includes/demolong_md.md)] includes codeunit 1291 **DotNet Exception Handler** that includes several global functions for handling exceptions similar to a try-catch capability in C\#. You can use this codeunit together with try functions to handle exceptions and maximize the reuse of code.  
  
### Example  
 The following example illustrates the use of a try function together with codeunit 1291 **DotNet Exception Handler** to handle .NET Framework Interoperability exceptions. The code is in text file format and has been simplified for illustration. The `CallTryPostingDotNet` function runs the try function `TryPostSomething` in a conditional statement to catch .NET Framework Interoperability exceptions. Errors other than `IndexOutOfRangeException` type are re-thrown.  
  
```  
[TryFunction]  
PROCEDURE TryPostingSomething@1();  
BEGIN  
  CODEUNIT.RUN(CODEUNIT::"Purch.-Post");  
END;  
  
PROCEDURE CallTryPostingDotNet @2();  
VAR  
  MyPostingCodeunit@1 : Codeunit 90;  
  MyDotNetExceptionHandler@2 : Codeunit 1291;  
  IndexOutOfRangeException@3 : DotNet 'mscorlib, Version=4.0.0.0, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=b77a5c561934e089'.System.IndexOutOfRangeException'  
BEGIN  
  IF TryPostingSomething THEN  
    MESSAGE('Posting succeeded.')  
  ELSE BEGIN  
    MyDotNetExceptionHandler.Collect;  
    IF MyDotNetExceptionHandler.TryCastToType(IndexOutOfRangeException) THEN  
      MESSAGE('The index used to find the value was not valid.')  
    ELSE  
      MyDotNetExceptionHandler.Rethrow;  
  END;  
END;  
```  
  
## See Also  
 [C/AL Function Statements](C-AL-Function-Statements.md)