dynamics-nav/Style-Property-duplicate.md, before:

---
title: "Style Property-duplicate"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 06/05/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms-prod: "dynamics-nav-2017"
ms.assetid: 3ac73e26-7723-46b1-aa15-fd578aa4b56f
caps.latest.revision: 26
manager: edupont
---
# Style Property-duplicate
Sets a value that determines how text in a field on a page is formatted. For fields that are included in a **CueGroup**, this property sets the value of the color indicator on the cue.  
  
## Applies To  
  
-   Page field controls that contain text.  
  
-   Fields in a **CueGroup** control.  
  
## Property Value  
 The following table lists the values and their formatting for text and Cues.  
  
|Value|Text Formatting|Cue color indicator|  
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|  
|**Standard**|Standard|Standard|  
|**StandardAccent**|Blue|Not applicable.|  
|**Strong**|Bold|Not applicable.|  
|**StrongAccent**|Blue + Bold|Not applicable.|  
|**Attention**|Red + Italic|Red|  
|**AttentionAccent**|Blue + Italic|Not applicable.|  
|**Favorable**|Bold + Green|Green|  
|**Unfavorable**|Bold + Italic + Red|Red|  
|**Ambiguous**|Yellow|Yellow|  
|**Subordinate**|Grey|Grey|  
  
## Remarks  
  
> [!NOTE]  
>  This information in this topic mainly pertains to formatting the text on page fields. For information about how to use the **Style** property for configuring Cues, see [How to: Set Up Colored Indicators on Cues by Using the Style and StyleExpr Property](How-to--Set-Up-Colored-Indicators-on-Cues-by-Using-the-Style-and-StyleExpr-Property.md).  
  
 The **Style** property works together with the [StyleExpr Property](StyleExpr-Property.md) value to determine whether the field is formatted. If the [StyleExpr Property](StyleExpr-Property.md) evaluates to **true**, then the value of the field is formatted as specified by the **Style** property.  
  
 By default, the **Style** property is not set.  
  
 This property is not supported if one of the following data types is used for the SourceExpr of the field:  
  
-   Code  
  
-   Boolean  
  
-   Binary  
  
-   BLOB  
  
-   GUID  
  
-   RecordID  
  
 On pages, you use the **Style** property for group, part, field, and action controls. You can change the formatting of a control either statically by setting the property to **true** or **false**, or dynamically by using a Boolean variable or a Boolean field on the page. The Boolean field on the page can be either a true/false Boolean or a Boolean expression, such as “Credit Limit > Sales YTD”.  
  
## Example: Dynamic Property Change Using a Boolean Field  
 To make the value in the **Balance \(LCY\)** field on customer cards bold green when line discounts are allowed, follow these steps:  
  
1.  Open page 21, **Customer Card**, with Page Designer.  
  
2.  View the properties of field 22, **Balance \(LCY\)**.  
  
3.  For the **Style** property, enter **Favorable** in the **Value** field.  
  
4.  For the **StyleExpr** property, enter **Allow Line Disc.** in the **Value** field.  
  
     The **Allow Line Disc.** field is a Boolean field on page 21, **Customer Card**.  
  
5.  Save the changes on page 21.  
  
 Now, when a user selects the **Allow Line Disc.** check box on a customer card, the format of the **Balance \(LCY\)** field value changes to bold green. Otherwise, the field is not formatted.  
  
## See Also  
 [How to: Style Field Text on a Page](How-to--Style-Field-Text-on-a-Page.md)   
 [Properties](Properties.md)

Commit message:

removed -duplicate from style and updated links

dynamics-nav/Style-Property-duplicate.md, after:

---
title: "Style Property"
description: "Description of the Style property"
author: SusanneWindfeldPedersen
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 15/09/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms-prod: "dynamics-nav-2017"
ms.assetid: 3ac73e26-7723-46b1-aa15-fd578aa4b56f
caps.latest.revision: 26
manager: edupont
---
# Style Property
Sets a value that determines how text in a field on a page is formatted. For fields that are included in a **CueGroup**, this property sets the value of the color indicator on the cue.  
  
## Applies To  
  
-   Page field controls that contain text.  
  
-   Fields in a **CueGroup** control.  
  
## Property Value  
 The following table lists the values and their formatting for text and Cues.  
  
|Value|Text Formatting|Cue color indicator|  
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|  
|**Standard**|Standard|Standard|  
|**StandardAccent**|Blue|Not applicable.|  
|**Strong**|Bold|Not applicable.|  
|**StrongAccent**|Blue + Bold|Not applicable.|  
|**Attention**|Red + Italic|Red|  
|**AttentionAccent**|Blue + Italic|Not applicable.|  
|**Favorable**|Bold + Green|Green|  
|**Unfavorable**|Bold + Italic + Red|Red|  
|**Ambiguous**|Yellow|Yellow|  
|**Subordinate**|Grey|Grey|  
  
## Remarks  
  
> [!NOTE]  
>  This information in this topic mainly pertains to formatting the text on page fields. For information about how to use the **Style** property for configuring Cues, see [How to: Set Up Colored Indicators on Cues by Using the Style and StyleExpr Property](How-to--Set-Up-Colored-Indicators-on-Cues-by-Using-the-Style-and-StyleExpr-Property.md).  
  
 The **Style** property works together with the [StyleExpr Property](StyleExpr-Property.md) value to determine whether the field is formatted. If the [StyleExpr Property](StyleExpr-Property.md) evaluates to **true**, then the value of the field is formatted as specified by the **Style** property.  
  
 By default, the **Style** property is not set.  
  
 This property is not supported if one of the following data types is used for the SourceExpr of the field:  
  
-   Code  
  
-   Boolean  
  
-   Binary  
  
-   BLOB  
  
-   GUID  
  
-   RecordID  
  
 On pages, you use the **Style** property for group, part, field, and action controls. You can change the formatting of a control either statically by setting the property to **true** or **false**, or dynamically by using a Boolean variable or a Boolean field on the page. The Boolean field on the page can be either a true/false Boolean or a Boolean expression, such as “Credit Limit > Sales YTD”.  
  
## Example: Dynamic Property Change Using a Boolean Field  
 To make the value in the **Balance (LCY)** field on customer cards bold green when line discounts are allowed, follow these steps:  
  
1.  Open page 21, **Customer Card**, with Page Designer.  
  
2.  View the properties of field 22, **Balance (LCY)**.  
  
3.  For the **Style** property, enter **Favorable** in the **Value** field.  
  
4.  For the **StyleExpr** property, enter **Allow Line Disc.** in the **Value** field.  
  
     The **Allow Line Disc.** field is a Boolean field on page 21, **Customer Card**.  
  
5.  Save the changes on page 21.  
  
 Now, when a user selects the **Allow Line Disc.** check box on a customer card, the format of the **Balance (LCY)** field value changes to bold green. Otherwise, the field is not formatted.  
  
## See Also  
 [How to: Style Field Text on a Page](How-to--Style-Field-Text-on-a-Page.md)   
 [Properties](Properties.md)
