dynamics-nav/TableType-Property.md, before:

---
title: "TableType Property"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 06/05/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms-prod: "dynamics-nav-2017"
ms.assetid: bfdf1b47-b009-48b3-8b46-0612d66e0162
caps.latest.revision: 4
manager: edupont
---
# TableType Property
Specifies the table type.  
  
## Applies To  
  
-   Tables  
  
## Property Value  
  
|Value|Description|  
|-----------|-----------------|  
|**Normal**|Specifies the table as a normal table in the [!INCLUDE[navnow](includes/navnow_md.md)] database. This is the default value.|  
|**CRM**|Specifies the table as an integration table for integrating [!INCLUDE[navnow](includes/navnow_md.md)] with [!INCLUDE[crm](includes/crm_md.md)]. The table is typically based on an entity in [!INCLUDE[crm](includes/crm_md.md)], such as the Accounts entity.|  
|**ExternalSQL**|Specifies the table as a table or view in SQL Server that is not in the [!INCLUDE[navnow](includes/navnow_md.md)] database.|  
  
## Remarks  
 Tables that are marked as **CRM** or **ExternalSQL** are considered to external tables that are not managed by [!INCLUDE[navnow](includes/navnow_md.md)]. These tables use a different SQL Server connection than the normal tables in the [!INCLUDE[navnow](includes/navnow_md.md)] database. For more information, see [External Tables](External-Tables.md).  
  
> [!IMPORTANT]  
>  We advise against creating tables of type CRM manually. Instead, use the integration mapping functionality. For more information, see [Integration Concepts and Terminology](Integration-Concepts-and-Terminology.md).  
  
## See Also  
 [External Tables](External-Tables.md)   
 [\($ S\_2102 Table Designer $\)](-$-S_2102-Table-Designer-$-.md)   
 [Properties](Properties.md)

Commit message:

added Exchange and MicrosoftGraph values

dynamics-nav/TableType-Property.md, after:

---
title: "TableType Property"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 06/05/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms-prod: "dynamics-nav-2017"
ms.assetid: bfdf1b47-b009-48b3-8b46-0612d66e0162
caps.latest.revision: 4
manager: edupont
---
# TableType Property
Specifies the table type.  

## Applies To  

-   Tables  

## Property Value  

|Value|Description|  
|-----------|-----------------|  
|**Normal**|Specifies the table as a normal table in the [!INCLUDE[navnow](includes/navnow_md.md)] database. This is the default value.|  
|**CRM**|Specifies the table as an integration table for integrating [!INCLUDE[navnow](includes/navnow_md.md)] with [!INCLUDE[crm](includes/crm_md.md)]. The table is typically based on an entity in [!INCLUDE[crm](includes/crm_md.md)], such as the Accounts entity.|  
|**ExternalSQL**|Specifies the table as a table or view in SQL Server that is not in the [!INCLUDE[navnow](includes/navnow_md.md)] database.|  
|**Exchange**|This is for internal use only.|
|**MicrosoftGraph**|This is for internal use only.|

## Remarks  
 Tables that are marked as **CRM** or **ExternalSQL** are considered to external tables that are not managed by [!INCLUDE[navnow](includes/navnow_md.md)]. These tables use a different SQL Server connection than the normal tables in the [!INCLUDE[navnow](includes/navnow_md.md)] database. For more information, see [External Tables](External-Tables.md).  

> [!IMPORTANT]  
>  We advise against creating tables of type CRM manually. Instead, use the integration mapping functionality. For more information, see [Integration Concepts and Terminology](Integration-Concepts-and-Terminology.md).  

## See Also  
 [External Tables](External-Tables.md)   
 [\($ S\_2102 Table Designer $\)](-$-S_2102-Table-Designer-$-.md)   
 [Properties](Properties.md)
