dynamics-nav/Windows-PowerShell-Cmdlets-for-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV.md, before:

---
title: "Windows PowerShell Cmdlets for Microsoft Dynamics NAV"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 06/05/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: "dynamics-nav-2017"
ms.assetid: 4daf23a1-aec6-4f96-9f3e-fb654722254c
caps.latest.revision: 2
---
# Windows PowerShell Cmdlets for Microsoft Dynamics NAV
[!INCLUDE[navnowlong](includes/navnowlong_md.md)] includes [!INCLUDE[wps_2](includes/wps_2_md.md)] cmdlets for administration and for development and file management of application object files and extension packages. This section provides Help about syntax and options for the cmdlets.  
  
## In This Section  
  
-   [Development Cmdlets for Microsoft Dynamics NAV](Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Model.Tools/Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Model.Tools.md)  
  
-   [Administration Cmdlets for Microsoft Dynamics NAV](Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Management/Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Management.md)  
  
-   [Development Cmdlets for Microsoft Dynamics NAV Extensions](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=626875)  
  
-   [Administration Cmdlets for Microsoft Dynamics NAV Extensions](Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Apps.Management/Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Apps.Management.md)  
  
## See Also  
 [Microsoft Dynamics NAV Windows PowerShell Cmdlets](Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Windows-PowerShell-Cmdlets.md)   
 [Administration](Administration.md)   
 [Development](Development.md)   
 [Technical Reference](Technical-Reference.md)

Commit message:

added the link for the Apps Tools module

dynamics-nav/Windows-PowerShell-Cmdlets-for-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV.md, after:

---
title: "Windows PowerShell Cmdlets for Microsoft Dynamics NAV"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 06/05/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: "dynamics-nav-2017"
ms.assetid: 4daf23a1-aec6-4f96-9f3e-fb654722254c
caps.latest.revision: 2
author: jswymer
---
# Windows PowerShell Cmdlets for Microsoft Dynamics NAV
[!INCLUDE[navnowlong](includes/navnowlong_md.md)] includes [!INCLUDE[wps_2](includes/wps_2_md.md)] cmdlets for administration and for development and file management of application object files and extension packages. The cmdlets are available in four different modules. For information about cmdlets in each module, including the syntax, options, and examples, see the following:  
  
  
-   [Development Cmdlets for Microsoft Dynamics NAV](Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Model.Tools/Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Model.Tools.md)  
  
-   [Administration Cmdlets for Microsoft Dynamics NAV](Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Management/Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Management.md)  
  
-   [Development Cmdlets for Microsoft Dynamics NAV Extensions](Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Apps.Tools/Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Apps.Tools.md)  
  
-   [Administration Cmdlets for Microsoft Dynamics NAV Extensions](Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Apps.Management/Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Apps.Management.md)  
  
## See Also  
 [Microsoft Dynamics NAV Windows PowerShell Cmdlets](Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Windows-PowerShell-Cmdlets.md)   
 [Administration](Administration.md)   
 [Development](Development.md)   
 [Technical Reference](Technical-Reference.md)
