developer/devenv-get-started.md, before:

---
title: "Getting Started"
description: "Description of how to get started with the new development environment"
author: SusanneWindfeldPedersen
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 05/26/2017
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: "dynamics-nav-2017"
ms.assetid: a0ac492d-e3c8-4a76-87b4-b469e08c58e7
ms.author: SusanneWindfeldPedersen
caps.latest.revision: 18
---

[!INCLUDE[newdev_dev_preview](includes/newdev_dev_preview.md)]

# Getting Started
To get started writing extensions for [!INCLUDE[d365fin_long_md](includes/d365fin_long_md.md)] you will need a [!INCLUDE[d365fin_long_md](includes/d365fin_long_md.md)] tenant, Visual Studio Code, and the AL Language extension. Visual Studio Code is a cross platform editor that you will use for coding and debugging.

## Steps
Follow these three steps to get up and running.

1) Sign up for [Dynamics 365 for Financials]()  
2) Download [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/Download)  
3) Download the [AL Language extension](vscode:extension/ms-dynamics-smb.al)  

# Getting started with Visual Studio Code
With the developer preview, you get sample code that compiles and runs by following a few steps.  

1) In Visual Studio Code, press **Ctrl**+**Shift**+**P** to show all commands.  
2) Type **AL: Go** (case-insensitive) and select a project folder.  
3) Then, select between developing on a local server, or a cloud server.

You now have a HelloWorld sample that compiles and runs. The JSON files in the project are automatically updated with the settings that allows you to press **F5** to build and deploy the solution.

> [!NOTE] If symbols are missing, you will be prompted to download them.

## JSON file settings
There are two JSON files in the project; the `app.json` file and the `launch.json` file. The files are automatically generated for your project. For more information, see [JSON files](devenv-json-files.md).

## The platform symbol file
The platform symbol file contains all of the base app objects that your extension builds on. If the symbol file is not present, you will be prompted to download it. For more information about the platform symbol file, see [Symbols](devenv-symbols.md).

## See Also
[Differences in the Dynamics NAV Development Environments](devenv-differences.md)  
[Developer Reference](devenv-reference-overview.md)

Commit message:

steps changed for the preview

developer/devenv-get-started.md, after:

---
title: "Getting Started"
description: "Description of how to get started with the new development environment"
author: SusanneWindfeldPedersen
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 05/26/2017
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: "dynamics-nav-2017"
ms.assetid: a0ac492d-e3c8-4a76-87b4-b469e08c58e7
ms.author: SusanneWindfeldPedersen
caps.latest.revision: 18
---

[!INCLUDE[newdev_dev_preview](includes/newdev_dev_preview.md)]

# Getting Started
To get started writing extensions for [!INCLUDE[d365fin_long_md](includes/d365fin_long_md.md)] you will need a [!INCLUDE[d365fin_long_md](includes/d365fin_long_md.md)] tenant, Visual Studio Code, and the AL Language extension. Visual Studio Code is a cross platform editor that you will use for coding and debugging.

## Steps
Follow these three steps to get up and running.

1) First, you will need an Azure subscription, sign up for a free subscription.
2) Go to the [Developer Preview](http://aka.ms/navdeveloperpreview).
3) When you have a virtual machine set up, you will see a welcome text and here you can choose to try out the developer preview following the instructions on the screen.

> [!NOTE] Get inspired by our sample library on [GitHub](https://github.com/Microsoft/al).

<!--
1) Sign up for [Dynamics 365 for Financials]()  
2) Download [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/Download)  
3) Download the [AL Language extension](vscode:extension/ms-dynamics-smb.al)  -->

# Getting started with Visual Studio Code
With the developer preview, you get sample code that compiles and runs by following a few steps.  

1) In Visual Studio Code, press **Ctrl**+**Shift**+**P** to show all commands.  
2) Type **AL: Go** (case-insensitive) and select a project folder.  
3) Then, select between developing on a local server, or a cloud server.

You now have a HelloWorld sample that compiles and runs. The JSON files in the project are automatically updated with the settings that allows you to press **F5** to build and deploy the solution.

> [!NOTE] If symbols are missing, you will be prompted to download them.

## JSON file settings
There are two JSON files in the project; the `app.json` file and the `launch.json` file. The files are automatically generated for your project. For more information, see [JSON files](devenv-json-files.md).

## The platform symbol file
The platform symbol file contains all of the base app objects that your extension builds on. If the symbol file is not present, you will be prompted to download it. For more information about the platform symbol file, see [Symbols](devenv-symbols.md).

## See Also
[Differences in the Dynamics NAV Development Environments](devenv-differences.md)  
[Developer Reference](devenv-reference-overview.md)
