dynamics-nav/fin-graph/resources/dynamics_item.md, before:

---
title: item resource type | Microsoft Docs
description: An item.
services: project-madeira
documentationcenter: ''
author: SusanneWindfeldPedersen

ms.service: dynamics365-financials
ms.topic: article
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 07/11/2017
ms.author: solsen
---

# item resource type
Represents an item in Dynamics 365 for Financials.

## Methods

| Method                                      |Return Type|Description |
|:--------------------------------------------|:----------|:-----------|
|[GET item](../api/dynamics_get_item.md)      |item       |Get item.   |
|[POST item](../api/dynamics_create_item.md)  |item       |Create item.|
|[PATCH item](../api/dynamics_update_item.md) |item       |Update item.|
|[DELETE item](../api/dynamics_delete_item.md)|none       |Delete item.|

## Properties
| Property	         | Type	|Description                                          |
|:-------------------|:-------|:----------------------------------------------------|
|id                  |GUID    |The unique ID of the item. Non-editable.             |
|number              |string  |The item number.                                     |
|displayName         |string  |Specifies a description of the item.                 |
|type                |numeric |The inventory type for the item. 1 = inventory item, 2 = service item. This is a required property.|
|blocked             |boolean |Specifies that transactions with the item cannot be posted, for example, because the item is in quarantine. Set to **true**, if item is blocked.|
|baseUnitOfMeasureId |GUID    |Specifies the ID of the unit of measure.             |
|baseUnitOfMeasure   |[NAV.UnitOfMeasure](../resources/dynamics_complex_types.md)|Specifies the unit in which the item is held in inventory.|
|gtin                |numeric |This is the Global Trade Item Number.                |
|itemCategory        |[NAV.ItemCategory](../resources/dynamics_complex_types.md)|Specifies the category that the item belongs to. Item categories also contain any assigned item attributes.|
|inventory           |decimal |Specifies how many units, such as pieces, boxes, or cans, of the item are in inventory. Read-Only.|
|unitPrice           |decimal |Specifies the price for one unit of the item in the specified currency.|
|priceIncludesTax    |boolean |Specifies that the unitPrice includes tax. Set to **true**, if unitPrice includes tax.|
|unitCost            |decimal |Specifies the cost per unit of the item.             |
|taxGroupId          |GUID    |Specifies the ID of the Tax Group for the item.      |
|taxGroupCode        |numeric |A Tax Group represents a group of inventory items or resources that are subject to identical tax terms.|
|lastModifiedDateTime|datetime|The last datetime the item was modified. Read-Only.  |  


## Relationships
A Tax Group(taxGroupCode) must exist in the Tax Group table.

## JSON representation

Here is a JSON representation of the resource.


```json
{
      "id": "GUID",
      "number": "string",
      "displayName": "string",
      "type": "string",
      "blocked": "boolean",
      "baseUnitOfMeasureId": "GUID",
      "baseUnitOfMeasure": "NAV.UnitOfMeasure",
      "gtin": "numeric",
      "itemCategory": "NAV.ItemCategory",
      "inventory": "decimal",
      "unitPrice": "decimal",
      "priceIncludesTax": "boolean",
      "unitCost": "decimal",
      "taxGroupId": "GUID",
      "taxGroupCode": "string",
      "lastModifiedDateTime": "datetime"
}

```

## See also
[Working with Dynamics 365 for Financials in Microsoft Graph](../resources/dynamics_overview.md)

Commit message:

Fin graph - update description, H1, title tags, and rename files

dynamics-nav/fin-graph/resources/dynamics_item.md, after:

---
title: items resource type | Microsoft Docs
description: An item object in Dynamics 365 for Financials.
services: project-madeira
documentationcenter: ''
author: SusanneWindfeldPedersen

ms.service: dynamics365-financials
ms.topic: article
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 07/11/2017
ms.author: solsen
---

# items resource type
Represents an item in Dynamics 365 for Financials.

## Methods

| Method                                      |Return Type|Description |
|:--------------------------------------------|:----------|:-----------|
|[GET items](../api/dynamics_get_item.md)      |items       |Gets an item.   |
|[POST items](../api/dynamics_create_item.md)  |items       |Creates an item.|
|[PATCH item](../api/dynamics_update_item.md)  |items       |Updates an item.|
|[DELETE items](../api/dynamics_delete_item.md)|none       |Deletes an item.|

## Properties
| Property	         | Type	|Description                                          |
|:-------------------|:-------|:----------------------------------------------------|
|id                  |GUID    |The unique ID of the item. Non-editable.             |
|number              |string  |The item number.                                     |
|displayName         |string  |Specifies a description of the item.                 |
|type                |numeric |The inventory type for the item. 1 = inventory item, 2 = service item. This is a required property.|
|blocked             |boolean |Specifies that transactions with the item cannot be posted, for example, because the item is in quarantine. Set to **true**, if item is blocked.|
|baseUnitOfMeasureId |GUID    |Specifies the ID of the unit of measure.             |
|baseUnitOfMeasure   |[NAV.UnitOfMeasure](../resources/dynamics_complex_types.md)|Specifies the unit in which the item is held in inventory.|
|gtin                |numeric |This is the Global Trade Item Number.                |
|itemCategory        |[NAV.ItemCategory](../resources/dynamics_complex_types.md)|Specifies the category that the item belongs to. Item categories also contain any assigned item attributes.|
|inventory           |decimal |Specifies how many units, such as pieces, boxes, or cans, of the item are in inventory. Read-Only.|
|unitPrice           |decimal |Specifies the price for one unit of the item in the specified currency.|
|priceIncludesTax    |boolean |Specifies that the unitPrice includes tax. Set to **true**, if unitPrice includes tax.|
|unitCost            |decimal |Specifies the cost per unit of the item.             |
|taxGroupId          |GUID    |Specifies the ID of the Tax Group for the item.      |
|taxGroupCode        |numeric |A Tax Group represents a group of inventory items or resources that are subject to identical tax terms.|
|lastModifiedDateTime|datetime|The last datetime the item was modified. Read-Only.  |  


## Relationships
A Tax Group(taxGroupCode) must exist in the Tax Group table.

## JSON representation

Here is a JSON representation of the resource.


```json
{
      "id": "GUID",
      "number": "string",
      "displayName": "string",
      "type": "string",
      "blocked": "boolean",
      "baseUnitOfMeasureId": "GUID",
      "baseUnitOfMeasure": "NAV.UnitOfMeasure",
      "gtin": "numeric",
      "itemCategory": "NAV.ItemCategory",
      "inventory": "decimal",
      "unitPrice": "decimal",
      "priceIncludesTax": "boolean",
      "unitCost": "decimal",
      "taxGroupId": "GUID",
      "taxGroupCode": "string",
      "lastModifiedDateTime": "datetime"
}

```

## See also
[Working with Dynamics 365 for Financials in Microsoft Graph](../resources/dynamics_overview.md)
