dynamics-nav/Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Apps.Management/Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Apps.Management.md, before:

---
Module Name: Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Apps.Management
Module Guid: 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000
Download Help Link: 
Help Version: 1.0.0.0
Locale: en-US
---

# Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Apps.Management Module
## Description
{{Manually Enter Description Here}}

## Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Apps.Management Cmdlets
### [Get-NAVAppInfo](Get-NAVAppInfo.md)
{{Manually Enter Get-NAVAppInfo Description Here}}

### [Get-NAVAppTableModification](Get-NAVAppTableModification.md)
{{Manually Enter Get-NAVAppTableModification Description Here}}

### [Get-NAVAppTenant](Get-NAVAppTenant.md)
{{Manually Enter Get-NAVAppTenant Description Here}}

### [Get-NAVTableSynchSetupForDataUpgrade](Get-NAVTableSynchSetupForDataUpgrade.md)
{{Manually Enter Get-NAVTableSynchSetupForDataUpgrade Description Here}}

### [Install-NAVApp](Install-NAVApp.md)
{{Manually Enter Install-NAVApp Description Here}}

### [Publish-NAVApp](Publish-NAVApp.md)
{{Manually Enter Publish-NAVApp Description Here}}

### [Remove-NAVAppsForTenant](Remove-NAVAppsForTenant.md)
{{Manually Enter Remove-NAVAppsForTenant Description Here}}

### [Repair-NAVApp](Repair-NAVApp.md)
{{Manually Enter Repair-NAVApp Description Here}}

### [Uninstall-NAVApp](Uninstall-NAVApp.md)
{{Manually Enter Uninstall-NAVApp Description Here}}

### [Unpublish-NAVApp](Unpublish-NAVApp.md)
{{Manually Enter Unpublish-NAVApp Description Here}}

Commit message:

Added descriptions for cmdlets in lists

dynamics-nav/Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Apps.Management/Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Apps.Management.md, after:

---
Module Name: Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Apps.Management
Module Guid: 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000
Download Help Link:
Help Version: 1.0.0.0
Locale: en-US
---

# Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Apps.Management Module
## Description
The Dynamics NAV Administration Shell includes cmdlets for administering the Dynamics NAV deployment, such as adding and configuring Microsoft Dynamics NAV server instances, databases, and users. Also included are cmdlets for administering extension packages. The Dynamics NAV Administration Shell is installed with the Dynamics NAV Server.

## Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Apps.Management Cmdlets
### [Get-NAVAppInfo](Get-NAVAppInfo.md)
Gets information about an NAV App based on the specified package file or the specified Dynamics NAV Server instance.

### [Get-NAVAppTableModification](Get-NAVAppTableModification.md)
Gets information about the tabled added or modified by an Extension based on the specified Dynamics NAV Server instance.

### [Get-NAVAppTenant](Get-NAVAppTenant.md)
Gets the tenants where the specified NAV App is installed.

### [Get-NAVTableSynchSetupForDataUpgrade](Get-NAVTableSynchSetupForDataUpgrade.md)
Gets information about the tables that will be modified, added, or removed during a tenant data upgrade on the specified Microsoft Dynamics NAV Server instance for the specified tenant.

### [Install-NAVApp](Install-NAVApp.md)
Installs a published NAV App for a tenant.

### [Publish-NAVApp](Publish-NAVApp.md)
Publishes an Extension to the app catalog of the specified Dynamics NAV Server instance.

### [Remove-NAVAppsForTenant](Remove-NAVAppsForTenant.md)
Removes all NAV Apps from the specified, unmounted tenant.

### [Repair-NAVApp](Repair-NAVApp.md)
Repairs a NAV App by recompiling it against the current base application.

### [Uninstall-NAVApp](Uninstall-NAVApp.md)
Uninstall a NAV App for a tenant.

### [Unpublish-NAVApp](Unpublish-NAVApp.md)
Unpublishes a NAV App from the app catalog of the specified Dynamics NAV Server instance.
