fin-graph/get-dimensionValue.md, before:

---
description: Gets a dimension value.
services: project-madeira
documentationcenter: ''
author: SusanneWindfeldPedersen

ms.service: dynamics365-financials
ms.topic: article
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 03/08/2017
ms.author: solsen
---

# GET Sales Order Line Method

## Prerequisites

## HTTP request

```
GET /financials/companies/{id}/dimensions/{id}/dimensionValues{id}
```

## Request headers
|Header|Value|
|------|-----|
|Authorization  |Bearer. Required. |

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

## Example

**Request**

Here is an example of the request.
```json
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/financials/companies/{id}/dimensions/{id}/dimensionValues{id}
```

**Response**

Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here may be truncated for brevity. All of the properties will be returned from an actual call.

```json
{
  "id": "id-value",
  "code": "30",
  "displayName": "Europe North (EU)",
  "lastModifiedDateTime": "2017-03-17T19:02:22.043Z"
}
```

## See Also
[Microsoft Graph Reference](graph-reference.md)

Commit message:

Small refactoring of dimension value.

fin-graph/get-dimensionValue.md, after:

---
title: GET Dimension Value method | Microsoft Docs
description: Gets a dimension value.
services: project-madeira
documentationcenter: ''
author: SusanneWindfeldPedersen

ms.service: dynamics365-financials
ms.topic: article
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 03/08/2017
ms.author: solsen
---

# GET Dimension Value Method
Retrieve the properties and relationships of a dimension value object for [!INCLUDE[d365fin_long_md](../dynamics-nav/includes/d365fin_long_md.md)].

## Prerequisites

## HTTP request

```
GET /financials/companies/{id}/dimensions/{id}/dimensionValues{id}
```

## Request headers
|Header|Value|
|------|-----|
|Authorization  |Bearer. Required. |

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response
If successful, this method returns a ```200 OK``` response code and dimensionValue object in the response body.

## Example

**Request**

Here is an example of the request.
```json
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/financials/companies/{id}/dimensions/{id}/dimensionValues{id}
```

**Response**

Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here may be truncated for brevity. All of the properties will be returned from an actual call.

```json
{
  "id": "id-value",
  "code": "30",
  "displayName": "Europe North (EU)",
  "lastModifiedDateTime": "2017-03-17T19:02:22.043Z"
}
```

## See Also
[Microsoft Graph Reference](graph-reference.md)
