dynamics-nav/Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Apps.Tools/Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Apps.Tools.md, before:

---
Module Name: Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Apps.Tools
Module Guid: 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000
Download Help Link: 
Help Version: 1.0.0.0
Locale: en-US
---

# Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Apps.Tools Module
## Description
{{Manually Enter Description Here}}

## Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Apps.Tools Cmdlets
### [Compare-NAVAppApplicationObjectLanguage](Compare-NAVAppApplicationObjectLanguage.md)
{{Manually Enter Compare-NAVAppApplicationObjectLanguage Description Here}}

### [Export-NAVAppPermissionSet](Export-NAVAppPermissionSet.md)
{{Manually Enter Export-NAVAppPermissionSet Description Here}}

### [Export-NAVAppReportLayout](Export-NAVAppReportLayout.md)
{{Manually Enter Export-NAVAppReportLayout Description Here}}

### [Export-NAVAppTableData](Export-NAVAppTableData.md)
{{Manually Enter Export-NAVAppTableData Description Here}}

### [Export-NAVAppTenantWebService](Export-NAVAppTenantWebService.md)
{{Manually Enter Export-NAVAppTenantWebService Description Here}}

### [Get-NAVAppManifest](Get-NAVAppManifest.md)
{{Manually Enter Get-NAVAppManifest Description Here}}

### [New-NAVAppManifest](New-NAVAppManifest.md)
{{Manually Enter New-NAVAppManifest Description Here}}

### [New-NAVAppManifestFile](New-NAVAppManifestFile.md)
{{Manually Enter New-NAVAppManifestFile Description Here}}

### [New-NAVAppPackage](New-NAVAppPackage.md)
{{Manually Enter New-NAVAppPackage Description Here}}

### [Set-NAVAppManifest](Set-NAVAppManifest.md)
{{Manually Enter Set-NAVAppManifest Description Here}}

Commit message:

Added descriptions for cmdlets in lists

dynamics-nav/Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Apps.Tools/Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Apps.Tools.md, after:

---
Module Name: Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Apps.Tools
Module Guid: 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000
Download Help Link:
Help Version: 1.0.0.0
Locale: en-US
---

# Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Apps.Tools Module
## Description
The Dynamics NAV Development Shell includes cmdlets for merging and modifying application object files. Also included are cmdlets for creating extension packages. The Dynamics NAV Development Shell is installed with the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Development Environment.

## Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Apps.Tools Cmdlets
### [Compare-NAVAppApplicationObjectLanguage](Compare-NAVAppApplicationObjectLanguage.md)
Compares the language text files in two folders (original and modified) and calculates the deltas.

### [Export-NAVAppPermissionSet](Export-NAVAppPermissionSet.md)
Exports the specified permission set(s) from a Dynamics NAV database to a file.

### [Export-NAVAppReportLayout](Export-NAVAppReportLayout.md)
Exports the specified custom report layout from a Dynamics NAV database to a file.

### [Export-NAVAppTableData](Export-NAVAppTableData.md)
Exports data from a Dynamics NAV database table to file.

### [Export-NAVAppTenantWebService](Export-NAVAppTenantWebService.md)
Exports the specified web service from a Dynamics NAV database to a file.

### [Get-NAVAppManifest](Get-NAVAppManifest.md)
Loads a manifest for an NAV App from an external source.

### [New-NAVAppManifest](New-NAVAppManifest.md)
Creates a new in-memory manifest object with the specified NAV App metadata.

### [New-NAVAppManifestFile](New-NAVAppManifestFile.md)
Creates a file with metadata for a NAV App package.

### [New-NAVAppPackage](New-NAVAppPackage.md)
Creates a NAV App package file (.navx) at the specified location based on the specified manifest file and source files.

### [Set-NAVAppManifest](Set-NAVAppManifest.md)
Sets one or more available properties on an in-memory manifest.
