dynamics-nav/fin-graph/api/dynamics_itemcategories_update.md, before:

---
title: UPDATE itemCategories method | Microsoft Docs
description: Updates an item categories.
services: project-madeira
documentationcenter: ''
author: SusanneWindfeldPedersen

ms.service: dynamics365-financials
ms.topic: article
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 07/11/2017
ms.author: solsen
---

# Update itemCategories
Update the properties of an item categories object for Dynamics 365 for Financials.

## HTTP request

```
PATCH /financials/companies/({id})/itemCategories/({id})
```

## Request headers
|Header       |Value                    |
|-------------|-------------------------|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type |application/json         |
|If-Match     |Required. When this request header is included and the eTag provided does not match the current tag on the itemCategories, the itemCategories will not be updated. |

## Request body
In the request body, supply the values for relevant fields that should be updated. Existing properties that are not included in the request body will maintain their previous values or be recalculated based on changes to other property values. For best performance you shouldn't include existing values that haven't changed.

## Response
If successful, this method returns a ```200 OK``` response code and an updated itemCategories object in the response body.

## Example

**Request**

Here is an example of the request.
```json
PATCH https://api.financials.dynamics.com/v1.0/api/beta/companies/({id})/itemCategories({id})
Content-type: application/json

{
  "displayName": "Office Chair - swivel"
}
```

**Response**

Here is an example of the response. 

> [!NOTE]  
>   The response object shown here may be truncated for brevity. All of the properties will be returned from an actual call.

```json
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "id-value",
  "code": "CHAIR",
  "displayName": "Office Chair - swivel",
  "lastModifiedDateTime": "2017-03-15T02:21:24.047Z"
}
```


## See also
[Working with Dynamics 365 for Financials in Microsoft Graph](../resources/dynamics_overview.md)

Commit message:

Fin graph - update description, H1, title tags, and rename files

dynamics-nav/fin-graph/api/dynamics_itemcategories_update.md, after:

---
title: Update itemCategories | Microsoft Docs
description: Update an item category in Dynamics 365 for Financials.
services: project-madeira
documentationcenter: ''
author: SusanneWindfeldPedersen

ms.service: dynamics365-financials
ms.topic: article
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 07/11/2017
ms.author: solsen
---

# Update itemCategories
Update the properties of an item categories object for Dynamics 365 for Financials.

## HTTP request

```
PATCH /financials/companies/({id})/itemCategories/({id})
```

## Request headers
|Header       |Value                    |
|-------------|-------------------------|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type |application/json         |
|If-Match     |Required. When this request header is included and the eTag provided does not match the current tag on the itemCategories, the itemCategories will not be updated. |

## Request body
In the request body, supply the values for relevant fields that should be updated. Existing properties that are not included in the request body will maintain their previous values or be recalculated based on changes to other property values. For best performance you shouldn't include existing values that haven't changed.

## Response
If successful, this method returns a ```200 OK``` response code and an updated itemCategories object in the response body.

## Example

**Request**

Here is an example of the request.
```json
PATCH https://api.financials.dynamics.com/v1.0/api/beta/companies/({id})/itemCategories({id})
Content-type: application/json

{
  "displayName": "Office Chair - swivel"
}
```

**Response**

Here is an example of the response. 

> [!NOTE]  
>   The response object shown here may be truncated for brevity. All of the properties will be returned from an actual call.

```json
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "id-value",
  "code": "CHAIR",
  "displayName": "Office Chair - swivel",
  "lastModifiedDateTime": "2017-03-15T02:21:24.047Z"
}
```


## See also
[Working with Dynamics 365 for Financials in Microsoft Graph](../resources/dynamics_overview.md)
