dynamics-nav/Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Model.Tools/Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Model.Tools.md, before:

---
Module Name: Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Model.Tools
Module Guid: 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000
Download Help Link: 
Help Version: 1.0.0.0
Locale: en-US
---

# Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Model.Tools Module
## Description
{{Manually Enter Description Here}}

## Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Model.Tools Cmdlets
### [Compare-NAVApplicationObject](Compare-NAVApplicationObject.md)
{{Manually Enter Compare-NAVApplicationObject Description Here}}

### [Export-NAVApplicationObjectLanguage](Export-NAVApplicationObjectLanguage.md)
{{Manually Enter Export-NAVApplicationObjectLanguage Description Here}}

### [Get-NAVApplicationObjectProperty](Get-NAVApplicationObjectProperty.md)
{{Manually Enter Get-NAVApplicationObjectProperty Description Here}}

### [Import-NAVApplicationObjectLanguage](Import-NAVApplicationObjectLanguage.md)
{{Manually Enter Import-NAVApplicationObjectLanguage Description Here}}

### [Join-NAVApplicationObjectFile](Join-NAVApplicationObjectFile.md)
{{Manually Enter Join-NAVApplicationObjectFile Description Here}}

### [Join-NAVApplicationObjectLanguageFile](Join-NAVApplicationObjectLanguageFile.md)
{{Manually Enter Join-NAVApplicationObjectLanguageFile Description Here}}

### [Merge-NAVApplicationObject](Merge-NAVApplicationObject.md)
{{Manually Enter Merge-NAVApplicationObject Description Here}}

### [New-NAVCrmTable](New-NAVCrmTable.md)
{{Manually Enter New-NAVCrmTable Description Here}}

### [Remove-NAVApplicationObjectLanguage](Remove-NAVApplicationObjectLanguage.md)
{{Manually Enter Remove-NAVApplicationObjectLanguage Description Here}}

### [Set-NAVApplicationObjectProperty](Set-NAVApplicationObjectProperty.md)
{{Manually Enter Set-NAVApplicationObjectProperty Description Here}}

### [Split-NAVApplicationObjectFile](Split-NAVApplicationObjectFile.md)
{{Manually Enter Split-NAVApplicationObjectFile Description Here}}

### [Split-NAVApplicationObjectLanguageFile](Split-NAVApplicationObjectLanguageFile.md)
{{Manually Enter Split-NAVApplicationObjectLanguageFile Description Here}}

### [Test-NAVApplicationObjectLanguage](Test-NAVApplicationObjectLanguage.md)
{{Manually Enter Test-NAVApplicationObjectLanguage Description Here}}

### [Update-NAVApplicationObject](Update-NAVApplicationObject.md)
{{Manually Enter Update-NAVApplicationObject Description Here}}

Commit message:

Added descriptions for cmdlets in lists

dynamics-nav/Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Model.Tools/Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Model.Tools.md, after:

---
Module Name: Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Model.Tools
Module Guid: 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000
Download Help Link:
Help Version: 1.0.0.0
Locale: en-US
---

# Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Model.Tools Module
## Description
The Dynamics NAV 2016 Development Shell includes cmdlets for merging and modifying application object files. Also included are cmdlets for creating extension packages. The Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2016 Development Shell is installed with the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Development Environment.

## Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Model.Tools Cmdlets
### [Compare-NAVApplicationObject](Compare-NAVApplicationObject.md)
Compares text files with Dynamics NAV application objects and then calculates the delta between the two versions.

### [Export-NAVApplicationObjectLanguage](Export-NAVApplicationObjectLanguage.md)
Exports captions from the specified text files with Dynamics NAV application objects.

### [Get-NAVApplicationObjectProperty](Get-NAVApplicationObjectProperty.md)
Gets Dynamics NAV application object properties from the specified application object text files.

### [Import-NAVApplicationObjectLanguage](Import-NAVApplicationObjectLanguage.md)
Imports strings in the specified language into text files that contain Dynamics NAV application objects.

### [Join-NAVApplicationObjectFile](Join-NAVApplicationObjectFile.md)
Combines multiple application object files into one text file.

### [Join-NAVApplicationObjectLanguageFile](Join-NAVApplicationObjectLanguageFile.md)
Combines multiple text files with captions for Dynamics NAV application objects into one text file.

### [Merge-NAVApplicationObject](Merge-NAVApplicationObject.md)
ompares the changes that have been made to application objects between two versions of Dynamics NAV, and applies the difference to a third set of application objects.

### [New-NAVCrmTable](New-NAVCrmTable.md)
Creates Dynamics NAV table objects that are based on Dynamics CRM entities.
The table objects are saved as .txt files.

### [Remove-NAVApplicationObjectLanguage](Remove-NAVApplicationObjectLanguage.md)
Deletes captions in the specified language from Dynamics NAV application objects.

### [Set-NAVApplicationObjectProperty](Set-NAVApplicationObjectProperty.md)
Sets Dynamics NAV application object properties in the specified application object text files.

### [Split-NAVApplicationObjectFile](Split-NAVApplicationObjectFile.md)
Splits a text file that contains two or more application objects into separate text files for each application object.

### [Split-NAVApplicationObjectLanguageFile](Split-NAVApplicationObjectLanguageFile.md)
Splits a text file that contains multilanguage captions for two or more application objects into separate text files for each application object.

### [Test-NAVApplicationObjectLanguage](Test-NAVApplicationObjectLanguage.md)
Tests captions in Dynamics NAV application objects to test to validate if they have translated strings for the specified languages.

### [Update-NAVApplicationObject](Update-NAVApplicationObject.md)
Applies a set of deltas to the specified application objects.
