articles/function-notificationsend.md, before:

<properties
                pageTitle="SEND Function (Notification) | Dynamics NAV"
                description="Describes the MESSAGE function of the Notification data type for sending notifications"
                services=""
                documentationCenter=""
                authors="jswymer"/>
<tags
    ms.prod="dynamics-nav-2017"
    ms.topic="article"
    ms.devlang="na"
    ms.tgt_pltfrm="na"
    ms.workload="na"
    ms.date="06/16/2016"
    ms.author="jswymer" />


# SEND Function (Notification)
Sends the notification to the client, where is will appear in the UI.

```
[Ok := ]SEND
```
## Return Value
*Value*

Type: Code or text

**true** if the notification was sent; otherwise, **false**.

If you omit this optional return value and if the notification cannot be sent, then a run-time error occurs that states that the notification cannot be sent. If you include a return value, then it is assumed that you will handle any errors and no run-time error occurs, even though the notification is not sent.

## Remarks
The SEND function displays the content of the notification that is specified by the [MESSAGE function](function-notificationmessage.md).

For more information and a detailed example, see [Notifications](notifications-developing.md).

##  Example
The following code creates a notification and sends it to the client in the local scope.
```
MyNotification.MESSAGE := 'This is a notification';
MyNotification.SCOPE := NOTIFICATIONSCOPE::LocalScope;
MyNotification.SEND
```

## See Also  
[MESSAGE Function (Notification)](function-notificationmessage.md)  
[SCOPE Function(Notification)](function-notificationscope.md)  
[Notifications](notifications-developing.md)

Commit message:

updates for merge into dynamics-nav

articles/function-notificationsend.md, after:

--
title: "SEND Function (Notification)"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/20/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms-prod: "dynamics-nav-2017"
ms.author: "jswymer"
manager: edupont
---


# SEND Function (Notification)
Sends the notification to the client, where it will display in the UI.

```
[Ok := ]SEND
```
## Return Value
*Value*

Type: Code or text

**true** if the notification was sent; otherwise, **false**.

If you omit this optional return value and if the notification cannot be sent, then a run-time error occurs that states that the notification cannot be sent. If you include a return value, then it is assumed that you will handle any errors and no run-time error occurs, even though the notification is not sent.

## Remarks
The SEND function displays the content of the notification that is specified by the [MESSAGE function](function-notificationmessage.md).

For more information and a detailed example, see [Notifications](notifications-developing.md).

##  Example
The following code creates a notification and sends it to the client in the local scope.
```
MyNotification.MESSAGE := 'This is a notification';
MyNotification.SCOPE := NOTIFICATIONSCOPE::LocalScope;
MyNotification.SEND
```

## See Also  
[MESSAGE Function (Notification)](function-notificationmessage.md)  
[SCOPE Function(Notification)](function-notificationscope.md)  
[Notifications](notifications-developing.md)
