articles/property-gesture.md, before:

<properties
                pageTitle="Gesture Property | Dynamics NAV"
                description="Describes the Gesture property for page actions in Dynamics NAV"
                services=""
                documentationCenter=""
                authors="jswymer"/>
<tags
    ms.prod="dynamics-nav-2017"
    ms.topic="article"
    ms.devlang="na"
    ms.tgt_pltfrm="na"
    ms.workload="na"
    ms.date="09/19/2016"
    ms.author="jswymer" />

# Gesture Property
Specifies the gesture for displaying the action on a device with a touch interface (tablet and phone).

## Applies to
*  Page actions
## Property values
The property has the following values:

|  Value  |  Description  |
|---------|---------------|
|**None** |No gesture for displaying the action.|
|**LeftSwipe**|Swipe in from the left edge of the touch interface.  |
|**RightSwipe**|Swipe in from the right edge of the touch interface.  |

## Remarks

## See Also
[Developing for the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Universal App](Developing-for-the-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Universal-App.md)

Commit message:

updates for merge into dynamics-nav

articles/property-gesture.md, after:

---
title: "Gesture Property"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 06/05/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms-prod: "dynamics-nav-2017"
ms.author:"jswymer"
manager: edupont
---

# Gesture Property
Specifies a gesture that runs the action on a device with a touch interface (such as a tablet and phone).

## Applies to
*  Page Action controls

## Property values
The property has the following values:

|  Value  |  Description  |
|---------|---------------|
|**None** |No gesture for the action.|
|**LeftSwipe**|Swipe in from the right edge of the touch interface.  |
|**RightSwipe**|Swipe in from the left edge of the touch interface.  |

## Remarks
If you swipe in and hold, then the action appears in a context menu.

In Action Designer, the **Gesture** column lets you view the Gesture property value for all page actions. If the **Gesture** column is not visible, then on the **View** menu, choose **Show Column**, and then select **Gesture**.  
## See Also
[Developing for the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Universal App](Developing-for-the-Microsoft-Dynamics-NAV-Universal-App.md)  
[Adding Actions to Pages](Adding-Actions-to-Pages.md)
